"My hands were shaking. I can't remember another time that's happened to me. I was just so... I don't know what I was. I want to say scared, but that wasn't quite it. It was like some new feeling I'd never felt before. Imagine you met someone who had never been happy. Not once in their life. The idea of happiness is completely foreign to them. Or maybe someone who had never smelled a flower, never tasted something sweet. How do you describe it? You can't really. Words just don't cut it, it's something you have to feel, you just have to go through it to understand. At first they it wasn't so bad, the shaking. Anyone watching would have thought I was just antsy. And with good reason. But then, as time went on and the sounds of creeping death got louder and louder... It got to the point I couldn't take a drink of water without splashing most of my canteen all over myself. I still wake up in a cold sweat some nights. Most nights. My hands are shaking just as bad as they were then. Seeing all that death and destruction, and being completely helpless to stop it, even to slow it down... I'm not myself anymore. It changed me, fucked me up. Some nights I thank god I made it out of there. Some nights I curse him for it."

"I guess you could say I thrive in a war-like situation. You know, guns blazing, smell of napalm in the morning, all that. Yeah, I'm pretty fucked up. This shit was on a whole new level though, and most of us couldn't handle it. I mean really, it's like some shit outta some sci-fi movie. You're fighting for your brothers and meanwhile it's like your enemy doesn't care for their own life. How do you fight that? You can't scare a bunch of soulless husks. All they do is kill, that's all they're programmed for. Just kill, and maim, and torture until you get shot enough times you bleed out. Fuckin' savages. I'm not gonna lie, it messed with me for a while, but. I mean at the end of the day, war's war. You just gotta figure out what makes the other guys tick."

"Yeah war's war all right. It's always ugly, it always fucks you up. New level my ass. You say this time it's different and then it's like you're putting up the old days on a pedestal. Nah, good by comparison sure as shit doesn't mean good. When you're dealing with this kinda atrocity, it stops really meaning anything to say one thing's twice as bad as the next. They call that diminishing returns. This guy's never used a word that big, but we can't blame him. Can't read for shit but he shoots like a..."

These men weren't soldiers. None of us were. That first one, he's Tommy. He grew up playing too many video games and now he thinks he's some war-god mastermind. To be fair, he's a great shot. The guys love him, they'd follow him anywhere. And he takes to leading quite well. The other guy's Min. He's Tommy's number 2, always by his side. When Tommy gets some stupid idea about bum-rushing into some enemy territory, Min's gotta be his voice of reason. Min was an accountant who never worked out a day in his life. In fact, he rarely left his house. He went to highschool with Tommy though, and they were fast friends even then. Sure, they fell out of touch over the years, but the apocalypse tends to bring people together, and when everyone's trying to find someone to trust, history really matters.

Tommy really did take well to this new lifestyle. It was like a dream come true to him, living underground, leading a small group of rebels. There was always a twinkle in his eye when he ordered the scavenging party out to find scrap metal, or the hunting team to find new grounds. And then a big smile on his face when they accomplished their tasks. He felt like he was really running a little microcosm of society, and it felt great how smoothly things went.

"I don't know how long this is gonna last. I mean things have been going alright for now, but we really haven't had to fight through any tough times yet. Hey I mean, if anyone can bounce back, it's us, but. I don't know man, words been getting around and I don't know if we can survive being found out. And sooner or later, we're gonna run out of resources here. We're gonna have to move or spread out and either way, there's a risk we get caught out. Look I'm just saying, it's something we gotta think about"

It really was. But it was hard to think about. No one in the camp had any real experience with anything like this. Everything they did had to be guesswork, a gamble. And when the lives of your friends are on the line, it truly is hard to gamble.