"It was a bright and sunny day. And then... disaster struck. Oh man, was it bad. People were all like "Oh man, maybe if it was like dark and stormy out or something, we'd at least be like prepared. But like, this is totally unexpected!" And they were all screaming and yelling and no one knew what was going on. But then, out of the blue there was this dude that came outta the sky. Like he was flying and all that. And he shouted out "Hey, uh, guys! I'm the- I'm the guy who's gonna... who's, I'm gonna save you all!" And people were all like "Wow how's this guy supposed to save us from a tornado" Oh yeah, it was a tornado, that was the disaster that struck. But anyway the guy, you know the one from the sky who's like flying all around, he just starts flying in the opposite direction of the tornado! But not like.. He doesn't run away from the tornado, he's right next to it but like the tornado is spinning clockwise and he's flying counterclockwise. Or something. Anyway, he saves the day and everyone is happy. The end."

"What the heck was that?"

Johnny broke into laughter

"No really, that's gotta be like, the worst story anyone's ever heard in their life. Ugh, I'm going to bed"

Johnny lay back down. It wasn't really his fault. After a few weeks, he ran out of stories he'd read. At this point he was just having to make things up off the top of his head. At first he'd try to think of them throughout the day, gather his thoughts. Then come bedtime, he'd have something at least passable. Sarah wasn't exactly a tough crowd to please. What little kid was? But these days, he had to work longer and harder just to keep them fed. Johnny felt tears welling up. It was hard. He wasn't ready to be taking care of himself, let alone another person. All he cared about was keeping his sister happy, driving away all the bad feelings she was probably working hard to keep down herself. He shifted his weight. Johnny liked to sleep on his face. He'd grown used to his side though. So he could watch his sister. Make sure she was safe, that she didn't fall out of her hammock. That no wild animals came by looking for a free snack. He pushed those thoughts down. She was safe. They were both safe. There were no predators on this island, he'd explored nearly the whole thing. Plus there's not enough prey for them to live off of. He was hardly comforted by that, though. For all he knew, there were jungle cats prowling around, and they were just hiding in the daytime, out of sight. He pushed those thoughts down too. He lay there, awake, watching over Sarah for nearly an hour. But he knew, he had to get some sleep. Tomorrow was another big day. Every day was another big day. He wasn't getting enough food, if he didn't get enough sleep either... He didn't even really care about his own health though, except because he needed it to protect his sister. Johnny closed his eyes.

Morning came. Johnny was up first, as always. Another rough night, he was barely rested at all. But he had chores to do. He woke up Sarah, told her he was going to check the traps. She sighed, and nodded, and went back to sleep. Despite himself, Johnny enjoyed the mornings. Paranoia aside, it was nice to be alone for a little while. He went down to the bay and checked his nets. No fish. He knew he was doing something wrong, they hadn't caught a single fish in weeks. But no one ever taught him what to do. He never thought one day his life, and the life of his sister, would depend on him being a hunter. He sat down on a jetty-like boulder about 10 feet from shore. Watching the sunrise over the horizon, his feet in the water. It made him homesick. He set his net again, and came back ashore, to check his other traps. He made his rounds. All his traps were primitive, and fairly ineffective. Holes in the ground with stakes at the bottom, leaves to cover them up. He was honestly surprised every time one of them worked. Today he caught a hare. The biggest yet. He also found a bird's nest. He knew his sister would never eat a fetal bird, and she'd be pretty mad at him for eating it too. But he was starving. He took the eggs and hid them in his shirt. He'd have them for breakfast tomorrow. He cleaned and gutted the hare in the woods. Chopped it up, too. It's the only way his sister would eat it, if it looked like something from a grocery store, and not a bunny.

By the time he had got back to camp, Sarah had started a fire. She was pretty good at it. Mom always called her a pyro, only half jokingly. Of course dad was proud, he's the one who taught her. Johnny couldn't start one to save his life. He knew that from experience.

"What's for breakfast, John" "Chicken" "Again?" "Well, there's not much else on this island. Some berries and nuts, maybe, but I never learned what's poison and what's safe." "No fish again?"

Johnny skewered the meat, handed his sister a few pieces.

"No fish. They must be pretty smart" "Smarter than you-", she smiled "-but that doesn't mean pretty smart". Johnny cracked a smile as well. They ate.

Johnny had decided that if they were going to keep surviving, he'd have to start growing a garden. Only problem was, he really didn't know what was poison and what was safe. He found some yams one day, figured they were probably good to eat. He cooked some up one day, in secret. Tested them out on himself. That was last week and he was feeling fine. That meant today was the day. He told his sister he was going out foraging. She told him she was going to play in the water. He had a little bag he'd made out of one of his shirts. It was going to be useful.

The island was surprisingly large. Well, it was still small for an island, but it took a good two hours to get from one side to the other. Johnny wasn't good at much, but he could find his way around the island with ease. Somehow, he noticed all the little landmarks in that impossibly similar forest. Each tree, to him, was like an old friend. And they told him the way to wherever he needed to be. After about an hour, he found the patch of yams. Some animal had got to them, but not all of them. He picked about a half dozen, and started looking around for more. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a little bush. An all-too familiar bush. He had known it was somewhere around here. Not that close though. Johnny stood in place for a long time. Should he visit them? Would it be too hard? Eventually, he decided it was the right thing to do. To let them know everything was fine, so they could stop worrying.

With each step closer, he could feel his heart pounding louder, and louder. He felt the blood rushing throughout his body, from his chest to his neck, up into his ears. Then back down to his gut, through his legs, and feet. His head was throbbing, his knees felt like they might give out at any time. The smell hit him long before they were in sight. He expected it, the climate was hot and wet. He could do the math. That didn't make it any less horrible. He couldn't stop now though. At a certain point, he was no longer in control of his own body. And then he saw them. But not as they were before. Mom was still holding dad's arm tight, but they had been dragged. Dad's arm, his arm he held Sarah with in his last minutes, was gone. Little scraps of Johnny's parents had left a skidmark tracing back to the plane. It was enough to make him nearly faint. Tears clouded his vision, but he saw a shadow move. And soon, it was no longer a shadow. It was a killing machine. Its muscles writhed under its skin. It licked its chops as it stared Johnny down. They looked into each other's eyes. Johnny couldn't move. The creature let out an awful roar. If Johnny had any control over his body, he would have dropped his yams and ran. But he was petrified.

They stood there, staring each other down for what seemed like an eternity. Suddenly, the creature leapt at the boy. Johnny doesn't know what happened. In that moment that last thing on his mind was making memories. But when he came to, the creature was gone, his hand was bloodied, and his parents were still there. Johnny approached them. He stood silent for a little while, he didn't know what to say. But once he started, the words flowed from his mind, almost without the aid of his mouth.

"I'm sorry, I couldn't keep you guys safer. I know you don't want me worrying about that kind of thing but... It's hard. Taking care of Sarah by myself. She's doing great by the way, we both are." Somehow, a grin found its way onto Johnny's face "She's actually been a big help. You know sometimes I wonder who's taking care of who. She starts the fires. Dad, you'd be proud. And I think you would too, mom. I know I am." He paused. "I just wanted you guys to know that we're doing great. Look, here. See these? I'm gonna start a garden with these. Just like you used to have, mom. We're growing yams. At least I think they're yams. They sure taste like them. I hope you're not too mad at me, trying them out on myself. But I was just thinking... There's no way we can survive without them anyway. So if they're poison then I guess, you know. We're kinda screwed either way. I've been hunting, too. All I've caught so far are squirrels and a few hares. I'm not very good, but I'm getting better." Another pause, this one longer "I tell Sarah it's chicken. Maybe that's wrong, but I don't want to risk her not eating. You know how picky she can get. Boy is she stubborn when it comes to that stuff. I'd like to think she understands what kinda situation we're in. That it's life or death. But she's just so young." Johnny needed a deep breath. He took one. "She doesn't know about you guys. She thinks you landed on some different island. And one day you're gonna build a boat and come find us. I wish I could believe that too. I have dreams about it. That you guys are all right. That you really did wind up somewhere else, and all you're thinking about is being with us again. Your little knight and princess... I'll tell her, one day. If we make it home, I'm gonna have to. Maybe she'll never forgive me, but. I... I can't even handle knowing. I hate to think what it would do to her. To find out... I know I'm doing a lot of things you guys would do different. But please just believe me. I'm trying my hardest to make you guys proud."

It was nearly sundown when Johnny got back. He and Sarah spend the next hour building the garden. They found a nice clearing not too far from where they slept. Weeded it, build a little moat to water the plants with. They chopped up the yams into bits, except for two of them, and planted the little chunks. Those other two were going to be dinner. Soon enough, bedtime came. Sarah was going to need a story.

"Once upon a time, there was a beautiful Princess. Her father was the King of all the land and her mother was the Queen of beauty. The King and Queen loved each other very much, but that was nothing compared to how much they loved the Princess. She was their little girl, and more important to them than anything else. Each night, the King and Queen would have their bravest, strongest Knight come to the castle, up all the stairs to the top of the tallest tower. That's where the Princess was. And they had the Knight tell her about all of his adventures. The time he slew the evil witch, the time he fought off an entire army all by himself, the time he won a horse riding competition against a band of centaurs... And each night the Princess listened, in perfect silence. In awe. And then she fell asleep. But one day, they King and Queen didn't send the Knight. When the Princess asked why this was, the Queen held her hand and told her the Knight was out on an adventure. She told her there was an great dragon that was terrorizing the town, and it was the Knight's job to stop it. Well the Knight was very strong, and he was very brave. But he was no match for this dragon. The dragon didn't eat the Knight. No, it wasn't interested. Instead, it grabbed the Knight in its claws and flew straight to the castle. The dragon let out a terrible scream as it knocked the tower down. The princess was lying in bed, the King and Queen there with her. The Queen was holding tightly onto the King's arm. And the King was holding tightly onto the Princess. But the dragon didn't care about any of that. He grabbed the whole lot up together, and started to fly them back to the cave. The Knight had to act quick. He sliced the dragon's feet with his sword, and made it drop them. They landed in the water. You'd think with all that armor on, the Knight would just sink. But he found the strength to carry the Princess back to shore. The King and Queen were nowhere in sight. When the Princess woke up, she asked where they were. "I'm not sure", said the Knight. But he was sure. He just couldn't make himself tell the Princess "Perhaps, they ended up just like us. And one day they'll find us, or we'll find them" The Princess didn't really believe the Knight, but she wanted to. She really did. And the Knight, he felt bad about lying to the Princess. But he would make it up to her. He'd take care of her. And he did. And after a few weeks, a fishing boat came to the island. The Princess and Knight were so happy to finally be saved. They made it back to the castle. And it was hard, but they tried their best to live happily ever after. The end."