"I mean, maybe it's just me, you know? Maybe like, I'm the one with the problem. But I don't think so. Shit no one thinks so, I guess, but it's just so obvious to me, you know? I mean... I don't know. To me it's just like, if you're not happy then just explain that to me. I mean, Jesus. What's so hard about that? Like obviously you're fine with opening your mouth to fuckin scream in my face, so how about you just... I don't know, man... Because-"

He's still going on. And he has been for... oh god, only 10 minutes. This is gonna be a long drive. Don't these people work for tips? How the hell does he stay in business like this. Who in their right mind would show appreciation for hearing some zit-faced, smelly, no-neck loser vent about his shitty relationship. Maybe he's relying on me to pay him off just to shut his damn mouth.

"... and then it's another week, then another and another. Pretty soon I'm sure it's been a fuckin month since she even looked at me. Meanwhile, I'm just lyin there like holy shit, man. This has been the most relaxing couple weeks of my life. Fuck man, I don't need this. I don't know what the hell I did to piss off god so bad, but Jesus has he got it in for me. I can't remember the last time anything went my way, man. I mean anything. Just this morning I found out my fuckin gas meter is broken. Said I was half full and all the sudden my damn car just up and dies on me. And I got a passenger who starts flippin out. Like he's never been in a fuckin' car that ran out of gas before. Please. You ever stop and think how I feel man? Damn right I feel shitty, I don't wanna be runnin outta gas on a fuckin' freeway with some lunatic passenger breathin down my neck. You gotta make it that much worse? Is that just your sick idea of fun? Holy shit, man. I tell ya-"

I won't give him the satisfaction though. My morals are actually pretty strong. I'm not about to feed into this psycho's disgusting business model. You want to torture some poor guy who just wants to get from point-a to point-b? Is that really much more effective than like, I don't know, not being a total dick? He'd probably get more tips if he just kept his damn mouth shut. Ugh. I wonder if It would kill me to jump out of this moving car. I wonder if it would still be worth it if it would. This is torture. This is worse than torture. Maybe this guy could quit the cab business and find some government work. Special ops, just stick him in a room with some foreign spy and they'll give up any secret you want. That'd be nice. No poor civilian would have to put up with his shit ever again. No wonder his girlfriend hates his guts. I've known him for all of 20 minutes and this ride would have been enough to undo years of good memories. God what would a good memory of this guy even be like? Him shutting his damn mouth for a minute?

"... Yeah man, it's been rough. And I got bills, man, so many fuckin bills. You know cab drivin doesn't actually put that much bread on the table. Shit I gotta just fuckin rely on the grace of strangers. Some days I get no fuckin tips man, not a penny."

Oh god...

"And how am I supposed to live off that, man? You know I gotta pay for my own gas? Can you believe that shit? My fuckin job is to drive around all day for pennies while my scumbag boss laughs his ass off to the bank. Meanwhile half of everything I earn is going to just being able to keep up this shitty job. Fuck man. And my mom, bless her soul. Man she can't even see anymore. Cataracts."

Oh sweet Jesus...

"She can't afford to get em fixed, God knows I can't afford it. So I gotta take care of her, and I mean. I love my mother, don't you fuckin think for a second I don't. But it's hard man, it's real hard. It's like I'm either fuckin. Pissed at my girlfriend, worried sick about takin care of mom, or tryin to deal with the fact that one day, this shitty job is just not gonna fuckin cut it anymore. I mean can you imagine what's going through my head? What happens if there's a fuckin emergency, like if mom falls down the fuckin stairs. What the hell am I gonna do? I can barely afford food, man. Am I gonna have to choose between eating and, you know, keeping my own mother, my own fuckin mother who gave up everything for me. Fuckin fat lotta good that did, by the way. All the shit she went through to try and keep me happy and I end up a fuckin mess. And I can't even take care of her in her last fuckin years, man."

Is he crying? Holy shit what is wrong with this guy. Why the hell does he think I give a damn about his sob story. We get it, you fucked everything up, didn't think about the consequences. Oh no, now everything is shitty? Caught you off-guard? Deal with it. You think it's my problem now? I gotta give you some charity to make up for a whole wasted life? Fat chance, guy. You're the one who fucked everything up, now you either unfuck it or shut up and take the beating.

"... I just. Look man I know I've been talkin your ear off. That's not really fair"

Mhm.

"But it's just. Sometimes I feel like there's no one left in my life who I can really talk to, you know. Like... "

Oh god, is he going to start crying?

"Like my girlfriend, you know, she's so distant. And I know that's my fault but... I just.. I guess sometimes I really need to believe it's not. Like I've fucked up everything else and... maybe this is the last straw, you know? Like I just can't bring myself to believe that I'm that big a loser. And my mom. I can't bring this shit up with her. You know how bad she'd worry? Shit I might just give her a heart attack if I dumped all this on her."

"Hey could you do me a favor and shut up for the rest of the ride?"

And he did.