Sometime in the middle ages, a famous British king decided it was in the best interest of the preservation of the well-being of himself, his position, and his family to lock up his shoemaker for accidentally letting the pointy bit of a tack poke through his sole. In order to preserve the memory of this beloved historical figure, we will refer to him only as King William or Billy, without mentioning his number, for this story does not reflect particularly well on him. Indeed it reveals some great mental entropy that Billy must have possessed. One could not be blamed for questioning Billy's ability to rule his people, having heard of the sad tale of this shoemaker. In order to preserve this shoemaker's name, for this is a story in which no one would wish to be known as the shoemaker, we will refer to him only as Mr. Shoeboy or Shube.

Now, King Billy was a kind and generous man, in appearance. As far as any of his subject new, he was absolutely selfless, and everything he did was for the good of the commoners. In reality, though, Billy was a dick. Just a major douchebag. I mean, you know how this story ends, he locks up poor Shube for life for like, no reason at all. And the only reason he even met Shube was because he got all jealous of Tina's new slippers. I mean how did such a sensitive, fragile ass get in charge of all of England? Don't answer that. Anyway, back to the story.

King Billy knew that he would need to see Shube in person in order to get measured for his perfect-fitting shoes. However, he knew that would mean a long, arduous hike followed by an assault on his olfactories. And worse, interacting with a filthy peasant. So he hatched a devilish scheme. So simple, it couldn't possibly fail. He'd get like all of two guys with swords and force Shube to come to the castle. Then he'd get some servant to wash him down so he didn't smell so bad. Needless to say, the plan went exactly according to plan. I mean what did you expect? It's a frail old mountain man versus two knights. And then what, he's just going to not get clean despite being scrubbed down in a river? Shube was still soaking wet from his forced bathing situation when he was brought before King Billy.

"Peasant Shube, thou hast been honorably selected for the crafting the finest pair of slippers thou hast ever laid thy eyes on. They better be bitchin."

Shube approached the King, whose olfactories were promptly assaulted.

"By the Lord! Squire, present thyself." Squire presented himself "Squire! Thou hast failed thy charge of protecting William the Conqueror's sweet, precious olfactories. For this most heinous of crimes, thou shalt be promptly hanged!"

"My liege", implored Squire, "I have surely strived to attain my charge, and have succeeded in removing as much dirt and grime, as much foul cake from this man as any man is able. However, I am indeed just a man. Only God himself could clean this man further. The rotting detritus is so combined with this man's mangy beard as to be completely inseparable. He's just too fucking old and gross."

The King thought long and hard about Squire's words. On the one hand, he had been wronged by a lowly Squire, and needed to defend his honor by capping that fool. On the other hand, though, he was presented with a puzzle only solvable by God himself. Clearly, he had to find a solution, and when he did he would get Squire to act it out. Then he could hang him. In the good ten or twenty minutes he was turning over these complex thoughts in his mind, in complete silence no less, everyone else was just standing there awkwardly. Shube got tired and sat down after about two minutes. Squire sneezed, and no one said "bless you". He felt a little hurt. Eventually, Billy spoke.

"Squire, I have come to a great, divine realization. I now know how we must proceed. Listen carefully, for if you fuck this up, it shall be your last charge. I hope, for your sake you are able to carry out this plan, despite its great genius being beyond your comprehension. Cut the fucking beard off. Then scrub his chin down for good measure"

Shube was freaking out at this prospect, naturally. But it was such a sad sight, the look on this man's face, his words, and his actions, all understandable considering his world was about to crash down around him as he lost the one and only thing he truly considered his own, the only corporeal thing in this entire world which held any meaning to him, the one thing he loved, it was such a sad sight that I cannot bring myself to describe it. I will not mention the look of horror on his face, nor the desperate pleas he shouted. I will also not mention the look of pure indifference and mild annoyance on King Billy's face. I won't go into how he was kicking and screaming so wildly, and with such passion that he nearly broke his own arms, as they were actually more brittle than the grips of the knights restraining him. I won't mention the horrible scars Shube suffered due to his flailing while he was getting shaved, nor the horrible silence that filled the room after he was knocked out for being too much trouble to deal with. Indeed, I will skip all that, to avoid depressing the audience. But much like before, he didn't really stand a chance resisting, so you can imagine how it went. And so, the lion's mane was barbered. Also Squire was hanged.

The next day, once Shube's facial wounds had healed enough that he wouldn't be bleeding all over the King's nice throne room, Billy summoned him again. A more strong man may have rebelled against the King, refused to allow the evil man the comfort of a fine shoe. It would be a surprisingly apt revenge. King Billy would truly have never recovered from the ordeal of never having a perfect shoe. You may be going back to the beginning, since you know how this story ends, and think that Shube was maybe strong enough to make an imperfect show, and pass it off as perfect. To add just that little annoyance that, over years, would maybe unsettle the King enough to make up for some small part of the trouble that Shube had gone through. But even that was beyond Shube. He was not strong. He was frightened. All he wanted was to get to his home in the mountains as soon as possible. He took his measurements, gathered his supplies, and toiled days-on-end to finish the King's footwear. He didn't stop to eat, nor to sleep. He just wanted this whole ordeal to be over with. Beside that, he had no appetite, and couldn't have slept if he tried. However, he was quite shaken from his recent trauma. Maybe Shube was a great enough shoemaker to do a great job despite that, but the added stress of exhaustion and starvation caused him to slip up.

Well this story was supposed to be a bit humorous at the beginning to mask the tragedy of the end. There is a reason that you spoil this tale right at the beginning. Once you are past the absurdity of the situation and into the actual horror of the King's lassitude, it becomes too difficult to continue.